docs: refresh README for current API, CLI, and worker behavior (#439)
datagouv/hydra: README.md

- analyse remote resource metadata over time to detect changes in the smartest way possible
- if the remote resource is tabular (csv or excel-like), convert it to a PostgreSQL table, ready for APIfication, and to parquet to offer another distribution of the data
- if the remote resource is a geojson, convert it to PMTiles to offer another distribution of the data

> - if the remote resource is parquet, ingest it into a PostgreSQL table for analysis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- if the remote resource is parquet, ingest it into a PostgreSQL table for API exposition (similarly to csv/excel resources)
```

`uv run rq empty -c udata_hydra.worker low default high`

Workers process three RQ queues in order: **`high`**, **`default`**, **`low`**.

| Function | Queue | When it runs |
|----------|-------|--------------|
| `analyse_resource` | `default` (priority crawl) or `low` (regular crawl) | After a successful crawl/check |
| `analyse_csv` | `default`, or `high` via API/CLI | When a tabular file needs parsing |
| `analyse_geojson` | `default`, or `high` via API/CLI | When a GeoJSON file needs parsing |
| `analyse_parquet` | `default`, or `high` via API/CLI | When a Parquet file needs metadata extraction |
| `analyse_ogc` | `default`, or `high` via API/CLI | When an OGC service needs analysis |

> | `send` | `high` | When check data or analysis/parsing results change |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `send` | `high` | When hydra informs udata of a resource's changes |
```
